the opinion of the weapons and yourself how and
when did you learn the news in
time when I got myself when I got
woke up I had a mathieu text
darche then told me it was that
was ending so it's a good morning yes
it's true one good morning you can
smile finds hope
you waited for a while
that's because I imagine we're going through too
by all moods
in the meantime it is to know one day
tell us yes it will resume lombard
we do not it's not sure there is a
month it was not close enough
so I was never able to wait
then play here and then when someone
that I was going to have the new room is
good news so a little too much
stress on this side it's true that the
Quebec media especially one was very
careful because on December 5 said
david we went very close to a
okay so we were very positive yesterday
evening when we were going
sleep but we were cautious of your
side you said it's mathieu darche
so your teammate there are networks
of players it is the agents of joy or
between players we spent the news
how did you live this period
as in transit and training to
across the ocean
the application on his back hiller who that
John did not give us any disorders
tasks whenever that is
need then we the canadians we had
a little cat together on what's app
then we kept abreast of
development then things like that
I want now to give him your
bag is already ready you are going to leave us
and that in quotation marks already had in
the pocket not yet but
probably Tuesday or probably said
we see them worth the problem with
with the organization for the departure of
david kern and that's the big point
interrogation because we know that the
new season can begin
only once the camps have
place it's an obligation actually
in organizing a nhl season
setting up a camp
preparation
good in fact there are always limits
usually these three weeks four
weeks we can not go anymore
long while 2 compared to the
Switzerland where the other 15 and we have
remedied his courses there are a lot of
preparation matches and then there
go and for the lockout season they say
always a minimum of one week
so that's just a bit of a
little question mark because
the many Canadian media and
Quebecers who were the crane
on the side of new york
no American media so to believe that
it only interested Canadians on
lock out was present in new york and the
speculation is going well
the question mark is precisely
repatriate all those players who are
come evolved in europe and well the most
optimists leans for Wednesday
it's frankly realistic for you
of recent games reviews said that would be
a little early but at the same time
think it still leaves us in
exhuming so it does not leave three days
to see to repatriate everyone
so I think it's feasible or
it's at the same time